Add on_announcement trigger to media_player doc (#3822)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/media_player/index.rst

        on_idle:
          - logger.log: "Playback finished!"

.. _media_player-on_announcement_trigger:

``media_player.on_announcement`` Trigger
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This trigger is activated every time the media player is announcing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This trigger is activated every time the media player is playing an anouncement.
```

> This trigger is activated every time the media player is announcing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This trigger is activated every time the media player plays an announcement.
```
